1. Create a in-game launcher like ODS using the Anesidora files
2. Add the capability for higher FPS and higher quality textures (upscale them up to 8k)
3. Patch as many bugs as possible.
4. Move to the latest version of Python if it hasn't been done already.
5. Implement custom shaders for everyone to use!
6. Import the default controls for PotCO as Toontown Fantasy's default controls
7. Add custom keybinds with as many custom key options as possible!
8. Implement free, 360 degree camera to fit free roam
9. Add a box around the gag selection for keyboard users to just use their keyboards by pressing the enter key if they want to while allowing controller users to select a gag using the A button.
10. Add the ability to play with an Xbox, Play Station, or PC controllers. (Back to view map; right stick to control camera angle; left stick to control the movement of your character AND in battles, to move the highlighted box around each gag box; double flick the left stick upward to sprint, Y button to open Shticker Book, B to preform action, Xbox/Play Station/{Company name} Home button to bring up the pause menu; X (PS)/A to jump/select the gag selected in battle; D-Pad to select one of four party members; Left Trigger (LT) to use Elemental magic; Right Trigger (RT) to ???; Left Button (LB) ???; Right Button (RB) ???;)
11. Add a touch screen mode which is enabled/disabled in the Shticker Book
12. Implement Mobile Mode for Android and Apple users! (Sideloading ONLY)
13. Implement full Wide-Screen Support
14. Implement in-engine Image Upscaling
15. Add Credits to the game for everyone who is helping
16. Put all logs, screenshots, etc. into a 'User/InsertUserHere' folder.
17. Rename "Choose Your Type" under the Species list to "Choose Your Species"!
18. Add TTR's Clothing Option for Create Your Toon
19. Implement our version of Toontown House's Accessory Tab in the Clothing Page of the Create Your Toon part.
20. Implement a new tab for Further Customization for which hand your Toon uses, etc.
21. Auto-Approve Type-A-Name Names.
22. Type-A-Name for Doodles.
23. Doodle Rebalance
24. Fix racing
25. Fix fishing
26. Implement a new Toon Tip system that replaces the one on the loading screen.
27. Add Accessories to the Toon Heads for Pick-A-Toon and the Friends system
28. Replace True Friends with 18+ chat where you and anyone who you are Best Friends with, can see you swear.
29. Add more Magic Commands!
30. Add more areas for gaming!
31. Zoom out from the Toons in the Create-A-Toon section.
32. Add more fonts for usage in Catalog
33. Add Font Colors to the Catalog
34. Add the option to disable Disney Characters.
35. Overhaul the Choose Your Color page Hex Color to allow for Classic or Hex Colors.
36. Add Black, White, and Gray to the Classic Colors.
37. Make ALL textures HD
38. Toon Rewrite (That INCLUDES Species Rewrite and Name)
39. Remove time limits for Emotes and other items
40. Make The Cannon Game in the Estate function as the Party Cannons Do!
41. Make everything run at 60 FPS as a default.
42. Replace Whitelist with Blacklist where you can say anything that's NOT in a Blacklist using pip's Profanity-Filter!

More soon!